update(sources/drivers): refresh `Falco Drivers` page with updated info (#701)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/event-sources/drivers.md

---

> title: Syscall Events

Reviewer: For all's worth, I think a good name could be "**Kernel Events**" here. We don't just push syscalls, but also things like container metadata, events from various tracepoints etc. Plus, the term "Kernel" also gathers in its umbrella concepts such as gVisor, pdig, or trace files, which don't really install a driver but still deal with events coming from the kernel. What do you think? @Andreagit97 @vjjmiras

Reviewer 2: What I hear is that we need to distinguish between **Events** and **Event sources**. Currently we use use different sources (kernel module, eBPF, pdig, gVisor) to obtain the same kind of events (syscalls). 
Hence, **Kernel Events** would be partly incorrect, for not being a source, but partly correct, for grouping these different sources (since having separate sections might not be worth it).

Author: That's a good point, you bought me I will change it @vjjmiras @jasondellaluce

Reviewer: In the falco terminology, a **source** is a stream of events with a certain structure. For example, the `syscall` source is composed of events collected from the kernel, and can be provided by the kmod, eBPF, gVisor, and userspace instrumentation. Another example is the `k8s_audit` source, which is composed of Kubernetes Audit Events. You could say that an event source is characterized by the events that get streamed through it.

As such, kmod/eBPF/gVisor are not sources, but just a way to instrument the kernel to obtain events.

Author: In the end `Kernel Events` seems reasonable for this context

| **aarch64** | >= 3.4        | >= 4.17    | No requirements |

## Kernel module

By default, the kernel module will be installed when installing the Falco [debian/rpm](/docs/getting-started/installation) package, when running the `falco-driver-loader` script shipped within the [binary package](/docs/getting-started/installation#linux-binary), or when running the `falcosecurity/falco-driver-loader` docker image (that just wraps the aforementioned script).

To install the kernel module, please refer to the [installation](/docs/getting-started/installation/#install-driver) page.

## eBPF probe

The eBPF probe is an alternative source to the one described above.

To install the eBPF probe, please refer to the [installation](/docs/getting-started/installation/#install-driver) page.

To enable the eBPF support in Falco set the `FALCO_BPF_PROBE` environment variable to an empty value (ie. `FALCO_BPF_PROBE=""`, in this way Falco will search under `$HOME/.falco` directory for a file called `falco-bpf.o`) or otherwise explicitly set it to the path where the eBPF probe resides.

## Userspace instrumentation

{{% pageinfo color="warning" %}}

> This [syscall source](https://github.com/falcosecurity/pdig) is archived. Falco still has the support for it but the userspace instrumentation is no more maintained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The pdig project](https://github.com/falcosecurity/pdig) is currently in archived status. Falco still has support for userspace instrumentation, but pdig is not actively maintained currently.
```

weight: 1
---

Falco uses different instrumentations to analyze the system workload and pass security events to userspace. We usually refer to these instrumentations as **syscall sources** since the generated events are strictly related to the syscall context.

There are three supported syscall sources:

> - Kernel module *(dafault)*

Reviewer 2: default

> - Kernel module *(dafault)*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Kernel module *(default)*
```

Author: ty
